Refactor and update `docs` (#634)
argilla-io/distilabel: docs/sections/components/llm/index.md

!!! NOTE
    Each LLM subclass may have its own runtime parameters and those can differ between the different implementations, as those are not aligned, since the LLM engines offer different functionalities.

```python
from distilabel.pipeline import Pipeline
from distilabel.llms import OpenAILLM
from distilabel.steps import LoadDataFromDicts
from distilabel.steps.tasks import TextGeneration

with Pipeline(name="text-generation-pipeline") as pipeline:
    load_dataset = LoadDataFromDicts(
        name="load_dataset",
        data=[
            {
                "instruction": "Write a short story about a dragon that saves a princess from a tower.",
            },
        ],
    )

    text_generation = TextGeneration(
        name="text_generation",
        llm=OpenAILLM(model="gpt-4"),
    )

    load_dataset >> text_generation

if __name__ == "__main__":
    pipeline.run(
        parameters={
            text_generation.name: {"llm": {"generation_kwargs": {"temperature": 0.3}}},
        },
    )
```

> ### Structured Generation

Author: Same issue as before here @plaguss 

```suggestion
### Structured Generation
```

Contrary to what we have via `outlines`, JSON mode will not guarantee the output matches any specific schema, only that it is valid and parses without errors. More information can be found the OpenAI documentation.

Other than the reference to generating JSON, to ensure the model generates parseable JSON we can pass the argument `response_format="json"`[^3]:

```python
from distilabel.llms import OpenAILLM
llm = OpenAILLM(model="gpt4-turbo", api_key="api.key")
llm.generate(..., response_format="json")
```

[^3]:
    Keep in mind that to interact with this `response_format` argument in a pipeline, you will have to pass it via the `generation_kwargs`:

    ```python
    # Assuming a pipeline is already defined, and we have a task using OpenAILLM called `task_with_openai`:
    pipeline.run(
        parameters={
            "task_with_openai": {
                "llm": {
                    "generation_kwargs": {
                        "response_format": "json"
                    }
                }
            }
        }
    )

>     ```

Author: And I believe this section may be a bit complex to include here, maybe we could offer this as an advanced thing under `docs/components/advanced/structured_generation.md` or something similar, to me that's more intuitive (plus adding the examples as already discussed)

Reviewer: yes, will move it in a different PR

## Defining custom LLMs

In order to define custom LLMs, one must subclass either [`LLM`][distilabel.llms.LLM] or [`AsyncLLM`][distilabel.llms.AsyncLLM], to define a synchronous or asynchronous LLM, respectively.

> One can either extend any of the existing LLMs to override the default behaviour if needed, but also to define a new one from scratch, that could be potentially contributed to the `distilabel` codebase.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If needed, the existing LLMs can be extended to override the default behavior, and new LLMs classes can be defined from scratch, which could later be contributed to the `distilabel` codebase.
```

In order to define a new LLM, one must define the following methods:

* `model_name`: is a property that contains the name of the model to be used, which means that it needs to be retrieved from the LLM using the LLM-specific approach i.e. for [`TransformersLLM`][distilabel.llms.TransformersLLM] the `model_name` will be the `model_name_or_path` provided as an argument, or in [`OpenAILLM`][distilabel.llms.OpenAILLM] the `model_name` will be the `model` provided as an argument.

* `generate`: is a method that will take a list of prompts and return a list of generated texts. This method will be called by the [`Task`][distilabel.steps.tasks.Task] to generate the texts, so it's the most important method to define. This method will be implemented in the subclass of the [`LLM`][distilabel.llms.LLM] i.e. the synchronous LLM.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `generate`: is a method that will take a list of prompts and return a list of generated texts. This method will be called by the [`Task`][distilabel.steps.tasks.Task] to generate the texts, so it's the most important method to define. This method will be implemented in the subclass of the [`LLM`][distilabel.llms.LLM], i.e., the synchronous LLM.

```
